# Meeting
June 16th, 2014 at OSC Tech Lab, 12 E. Exchange St, Akron, OH

## Attendence

* Jonathan Penn - Does mobile app consulting for iPhone and such
* Nick - Runs OSC Tech Lab
* Meghan - Does marketing, comes along with Nick for the free entertainment
* Matt - Web design
  * Heard about us through Jonathan's Twitter
* Missy - Graphics design
  * Posted in the logo design thread on akron.io
* Jon - Starts things
* Torrie - Builds robots and things at Phong Robotics

## Action Hens

* Jon - Delay start of meeting by 15 minutes
* Nick - Start discussion about how to handle events and such in time for Jon's
  next e-mail.
* Meghan - Get in touch with Jon about Trello and newsletter things
* Torrie - Add a note to the logo thread that we need to figure a mission first
  before anything productive will come out of the discussion
* Jon - Continue the conference call/hangouts stuff for next week
* Jon - Make calendar more accessible
* Meghan, Jon, Torrie - Find other calendars, reach out, break them down to
  figure out what events interest us.

### Action hens from last meeting

* new email schedule
* update email content
* work on logo
* think about personal blog post
* create eventbrite page for biking event
* change admin settings so new users can post images
* update website content

## Minutes

* Jon begins by talking about the weekly email. Used to be on Sundays, now it is
  sent out on Thursdays at 4pm.
  * Some logo work happened on the discuss thread.
  * I'm not too interested in moving quickly on it, Nick is, we can focus more
    time on it later or something.
* (logo discussion)
  * Missy: Whats IO even mean?
  * Jon: Its a domain. Doesn't scream tech though.
  * Missy: Text would be a good basic logo.
  * Missy: We need a mission first before picking a logo
  * Jon reads frontpage and mission statement
  * Missy: thats very subjective. Are you open to folks who might come here and
    solder, etc
  * Torrie: There is already options for that, Hackron, SYNHAK, etc
  * Jon: What we want to be is a kind of hub for that sort of stuff. If someone
    is having a welding/soldering class etc, we'll push it out there. We're
    trying to aggregate the cool things in Akron for everyone.
  * Missy: Whats your target market?
  * Jon: People who are new to the area, students who don't know whats going on,
    people who left and want to see whats going on, people that get jobs and
    they want something outside of their 9-5 work. If we had a place that could
    push meetup-esque things from a local standpoint.
  * Missy: You need to have something that says you're not just a web dev group
  * Jon: To rally around your city, rather than to rally around an industry
  * Missy: If you wanted to pick something right now, could stick with text. Add
    a slight redesign later. All logos evolve over time.
* Jon: We've got a few events going on now
  * Akron Nerd Ride, every sunday, 10am at mustil store. Ride north on the
    towpath.
* Jon: New users can post images now. Default permissions were tweaked.
* Jon: Website (akron.io) now has a full-page image behind it and some text.
  * Last week we talked about a $45 aerial view
  * Missy: We can take a picture with a drone. We should put stuff that we've
    made up there to build community, etc
* Meghan: When you go to akron.io, there isn't much content. What is discuss all
  about?
  * Jon: When I started it, I just wanted it to be a big mailing list. At
    Torrie's suggestion we put up a forum for discussion about things. I don't
    have a solid answer for that, its for whatever.
* Missy: Is this any different than downtownakron.com?
  * Torrie: They're more for business and stuff downtown. This is more city-wide
    and grassroots.
* Meghan: Is there a calendar of things and events?
  * (Jon points to the calendar item on the whiteboard) Its up there. I created
    one and its on discuss.akron.io. Right now its got our three events, in
    addition to Chris' calendar and Nick's calendar. We'll need to have some
    kind of "where do events go" talk at some point. I envision something more
    integrated into the main akron.io site.
  * Meghan: If someone new came around, they'd look at it and get turned away by
    the complexity
  * Jon: The forum is meant for semi-organized chaos which then gets distilled
    down into what gets disseminated on the frontpage.
    * We need to figure out who is poking this, making sure we're not
      duplicating current efforts, etc.
* Nick: Whats Trello?
  * Jon: Right now its been a task tracking tool for keeping tabs on discussion
    agendas, things to put in the weekly email, etc. If you're interested in
    helping out, please reach out to me! Right now we're just doing it through
    mailchip. No segments, but theres a template.
  * Meghan notes interest in helping
* Jon: So, what do we do about logos? Missy suggests we should figure out a
  mission first.
  * Matt: Once there's a mission statement, it probably wouldn't be a bad idea
    to have a straw poll and have the lurker audience get some input.
* Jon: I decided to add uberconference availability for today. It'll record the
  session for those using it and save it for later. Nobody physically joined.
  That might be something interesting in the future. I'll continue it and see if
  it picks up at all.  Torrie also suggested Google Hangouts, which appears to
  have some integration with Uberconference.
* Jon: Other Jon said he was interested in keeping meeting minutes and stuff.
  Torrie set up a template in Jon's github repo.
  * Torrie: Other spaces and hacker groups are starting to do it. Its got some
    good merit.
* Jon: s3 backups are setup on discourse
* Meghan: What about next steps to start following groups to funnel content and
  such
  * Nick: I think we need to embed the calendar ASAP. Something that can
    increase engagement.
  * Meghan: Downtown Akron Partnership has a lot of things on their events list,
    but we need to have more qualified ones. Lots of events that happen on their
    site, but not a lot of it is relevant. Steuart Smith on twitter seems to be
    doing this very well.
  * Jon: I would like us to have, on a calendar, something you can filter by
    interests.
  * John: Something where I can say "I am *this*. Show me things like *this*."
  * Meghan: Should we start finding local communities, resources, etc?
  * Jon: I started a wiki post in discuss, but I don't know all that many. If I
    were to start, I'd start with groups that are easy to reach out to. Existing
    meetup groups, student groups, etc. Eventually some swag at the student
    union, coffee shops, etc.
  * Nick: We should look at a scope before all this. Whats our scope?
* Jon: So, why did you come here?
  * Matt: Well, I had the day off. I'm currently looking for other employment
    and happened to have the day off.
  * Jon: Something we kinda want akronio to be too is for job searching,
    placement, etc
  * Torrie: I created the Gainful Employment category for those purposes
  * Matt: Do we want to automate something like that, where people can just post
    and it shows up, etc?
  * Jon: Well, there is a barrier to entry, but it isn't much. We should want
    people to at least put some effort into posting.
  * Meghan: Perhaps folks can show up to OSC Tech Lab events and they'll
    eventually learn that all this stuff is coming through akron.io
  * Missy: You folks are speaking on a different wavelength. My definition of
    "Creative" is different than  yours.
  * Jon: We're trying to reach out to folks like you. We're looking for insight
    about that
  * Meghan: I didn't even know what the website was. Everyone was telling me
    "akron dot io", but I didn't know that was the site until Nick told me.
  * Missy: What if we started meeting at a restaurant? That'd be more inviting
    than this office space. Doing more local things like that would invite more
    locals.
  * Meghan: What if we started just in tech but then it grew outside of that?
  * Torrie: Noisebridge started out doing tech stuff, but now they've expanded
    into much more than that.
  * Matt: If your main focus is aggregating community events, a direction needs
    picked and it needs to go in some direction. Akron.io should stick with what
    we're good at: tech.
  * Jon: Thats a very interesting idea. You're right, we could always expand
    beyond that. Instead of trying to start out with "Everyone unify now",
    should work with "Come people that are comfortable". My concern is that if
    we do that, we shouldn't create a larger mass that is daunting to get
    involved with.
  * Meghan: If you want to start with just friends, then we just have events
    where the attendees bring people.
  * Missy: What if we do meetups at restaurants, etc, but nobody identifies
    themselves as what they do. Less of a "I'm going to hang out with some web
    devs at brubakers" and more of a "I'm going to hang out with some friends at
    brubakers".
  * Jon: We're trying to have more inclusive events like the akron nerd ride,
    etc. However, our planning meetings is overwhelmingly tech.
  * Matt: A big barrier to entry for these non-tech creatives is certainly the
    website.
  * Meghan: What kind of events would you want to go to?
  * Missy: Things that I'd want to go to, but not really by myself. Festivals,
    baseball games, events that define the city. I would want to go to something
    where I can just quietly go leave if needed. For example, the 4th of july
    idea. Perhaps if there was a kickball game, volleyball, ultimiate frisbee,
    etc.
  * Jon: So something more than just an "Akron IO" meetup, but a group of groups
    meeting up and socializing. Something where you can show up to where you
    know there will already be people I identify with. Matt, what would bring
    you back?
  * Matt: Perhaps something tech like a bootcamp. Wordpress setup or something?
