# Planning Meeting
June 2nd, 2014 at TechLab in downtown Akron.

## Attendence

* Jonathan Knapp
* Eric Browning
* Nick Petroski
* Meghan Goetz
* Torrie Fisher
* Ashley Young

## Action Items

* new email schedule
* update email content
* work on logo
* think about personal blog post
* create eventbrite page for biking event
* change admin settings so new users can post images
* update website content

## Minutes
### Weekly Email

We started the meeting talking about the weekly email that Jon had sent out for
two weeks in a row. Everyone thought it was a good idea and not too spammy.
Feedback was that it could benefit from an least the addition of a picture or two.
Adding some whitespace between topics could be a good idea and that the text for
each item could be shortened up so it's not too long.

The text descriptions had been duplicating the same link the title would go to
in case people didn't know the titles were clickable, but everyone agreed that
was unnecessary.

It was suggested to change the day the email goes out to Thursday at 4pm by
Nick. We'll be using that schedule from now on.

We also reviewed other [interesting MailChimp templates](http://inspiration.mailchimp.com/)
for some ideas, but didn't decide on changing anything drastically. We may
change things from time to time and see if it adds more value or not.

Nick and Meghan said the about section at the bottom of the email was a good idea
and to keep it there. They said that text should be in the confirmation email that
MailChimp sends to new registrants as well.

The first name metadata seems to not be working for Meghan, so we may need
to tweak the template.

Nick suggested we do not repeat a link in the "personal" section of the email
that is in the following section, but Meghan said it was fine.

### Logo

We reviewed the logos that are in the [discuss thread](http://discuss.akron.io/t/seeking-logo-with-lack-of-comic-sans/69/19)
as a group and talked about the parts that we liked and didn't like.

* we liked the teal colors Eric used
* liked the use of letter connectivity from Torrie
* liked the blimp sketch
* weren't big on tires as a theme (Akron's past, not future)
* think we should use serif on the "I" of "IO" so it doesn't look like "ten"
* enjoyed the use of Ohio in the logo
* thought letter combinations involving the serif "I" were not great
* want to stay away from fonts that look the University of Akron's usage of "Akron"

Eric will use the feedback form the meeting to work on a few more ideas
by the end of this week. During the meeting Zach said he'd upload some in the forums.

### Nerd Ride (biking)

We will be starting up more official nerd rides on June 15th. They take place
on Sunday's at 10am.

In order to get an idea of who's coming, Eric will be creating an EventBrite
event (recommended by Meghan) so that people can RSVP and leave contact info
so nobody gets mistakingly left behind.

### discuss.akron.io Changes

It appears that people are unable to post images until they've completed
certain actions on the site and it's blocked conversation a few times. We'll
be changing the admin side to allow users to post images sooner in the future
and we can always roll back to the default settings if things get out of hand
with spammy messages.

### Website

Jon didn't update the website again, but he said he'd do it again this week.
We'll be making a single page site with a fullscreen image in the background,
some large text about Akron.io, and the newsletter signup box. Eric has a pic
of Akron from a plane that might work for the image to use.

### Event Promotion

We discussed event promotion and when it occurs again. We still believe that
we should not promote things until someone from Akron.io reaches out to the
organization or event and introduces who we are, what we are trying to do, and
asks if we can talk about the event. The hope is that we will be contacted
about future events directly once we have a relationship with the other org
and won't have to find all the info ourselves.

### Blog Post about Shift to Akron.io

Jon said that he'd like to start thinking about a personal blog post where
he'll talk about why he wants to go in the direction of Akron.io and how
the purpose of it is different that the Akron/Canton Web Meetup group that
he currently runs and is looking to step down from.

The Meetup group was about events, but Akron.io is about building a community
and utilizing resources from other organizations / groups.

Once everything is blogged about and a summary email goes out to the old
meetup group, he'll plan a meetup around his shift to Akron.io and possibly
shutting down the group unless someone else wants to run it.

### Misc

Torrie asked if we could hook the twitter feed up to Announcements list. Jon
doesn't think this is possible by default, so we probably won't take action on
it for now.
